#summary Frequently Asked Questions

== Why do I get timeouts/out of order warnings? ==

This is usually due to interference or low signal strength. The AP's WPS registrar functionality could also be locked.

You may get these warnings randomly during an attack, and they may take a few minutes to clear up. This is due to the AP's WPS state machine and Reaver's getting out of sync; the AP's state machine may not be reset for ~2 minutes. After this, things should start working again.

== Reaver just tries the same pin over and over ==

Make sure your target AP supports WPS. Run the walsh tool to scan for WPS-enabled APs and make sure your target AP is listed.

== Help, Reaver can't associate with my AP! ==

This could be due to interference or low signal strength. It could also be a driver issue, check the supported drivers wiki.

== I get a warning "rate limiting detected", over and over again ==

This earning message means that the AP has locked WPS pin attempts. This is usually only a temporary lock (around 5 minutes typically), but in some cases may be permanent (requires administrator intervention to unlock). 

There is a known bug in Reaver that causes it to not detect when the AP has lifted the lock. Use the --ignore-locks option as a work around.

== Can I run more than one instance of Reaver against an AP? ==

Technically yes, but this is ultimately a flawed approach to increasing attack speed. The primary limitation on attack speed is the low resources (memory, CPU, etc) of the AP, so having two simultaneous attackers will result in twice the CPU load.

It is better to use Reaver's advanced options to help speed up the attack.