#summary Hints and tips on using Reaver

== Prerequisites ==

  # You must be running Linux
  # You must have a wireless card capable of raw injection
  # You must put your wireless card into monitor mode. This is most easily done using airmon-ng from the aircrack-ng tool suite.

== Basic Usage ==

First, make sure your wireless card is in monitor mode:

{{{
# airmon-ng start wlan0
}}}

To run Reaver, you must specify the BSSID of the target AP and the name of the monitor mode interface (usually 'mon0', *not* 'wlan0', although this will vary based on your wireless card/drivers):

{{{
# reaver -i mon0 -b 00:01:02:03:04:05
}}}

You will probably also want to use -vv to get verbose info about Reaver's progress:

{{{
# reaver -i mon0 -b 00:01:02:03:04:05 -vv
}}}

== Speeding Up the Attack ==

By default, Reaver has a 1 second delay between pin attempts. You can disable this delay by adding '-d 0' on the command line, but some APs may not like it:

{{{
# reaver -i mon0 -b 00:01:02:03:04:05 -vv -d 0
}}}

== Errors and Warnings ==

It is not uncommon to get a few errors or warnings during the attack, usually related to receive timeouts or out of order WPS messages. You may even get these warnings for a few minutes until the pin count starts incrementing again.

However, if your pin count does not increment at all, or increments only occasionally with lots of errors/warnings, answer the following:

  # Does the target AP support WPS and is WPS enabled?
  # Did you put your wireless card into monitor mode?
  # Did you specify the monitor mode interface with the -i option?
  # Do you have a good signal from the AP?
 
If you still have problems, you can see if your problem is already listed in the project issue tracker. If not, create a new issue, and be sure to include:

  # Linux distro, distro version, and architecture (32 bit or 64bit?)
  # Wireless card and driver
  # Pcap file demonstrating the issue, if possible